The content is surrounded by a space called padding, similar to how bubble wrap separates an item from the box around it.
Think of the border like the cardboard box your item was shipped in.
Adding 1 pixel of padding to the top, bottom, left, and right of the canvas changed its dimensions to 502 pixels x 602 pixels.

Replace the padding property with overflow set to hidden - changing the canvas back to its original dimensions.

Flexbox is a one-dimensional CSS layout that can control the way items are spaced out and aligned within a container.

To use it, give an element a display property of flex. This will make the element a flex container. Any direct children of a flex container are called flex items.
Create a .gallery selector and make it a flex container.
Flexbox has a main and cross axis. The main axis is defined by the flex-direction property, which has four possible values:

row (default): horizontal axis with flex items from left to right
row-reverse: horizontal axis with flex items from right to left
column: vertical axis with flex items from top to bottom
column-reverse: vertical axis with flex items from bottom to top
Note: The axes and directions will be different depending on the text direction. The values shown are for a left-to-right text direction.

Try the different values to see how they affect the layout.

When you are done, set an explicit flex-direction of row on the .gallery element.
The justify-content property determines how the items inside a flex container are positioned along the main axis, affecting their position and the space around them.

Give your .gallery selector a justify-content property with center as the value.
Notice how some of your images have become distorted. This is because the images have different aspect ratios. Rather than setting each aspect ratio individually, you can use the object-fit property to determine how images should behave.

Give your .gallery img selector the object-fit property and set it to cover. This will tell the image to fill the img container while maintaining aspect ratio, resulting in cropping to fit.
The gap CSS shorthand property sets the gaps, also known as gutters, between rows and columns. The gap property and its row-gap and column-gap sub-properties provide this functionality for flex, grid, and multi-column layout. You apply the property to the container element.
